update: clickhouse resource usage constrains per users (#1095)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/products/clickhouse/howto/manage-users-roles.md

#### Set user resource limits

Configure user settings, for example, to restrict resource use per user. This can help you:

- Prevent single users from monopolizing CPU threads and starving other users.
- Ensure fair distribution of system resources among all active users.
- Maintain system stability by preventing service overload.

1. Create a user named `limited_user`.

    ```sql
    CREATE USER limited_user IDENTIFIED WITH SHA256_PASSWORD BY 'PASSWORD';
    ```

1. Set resource limit `max_threads = 1` for this user.

    ```sql
    ALTER USER limited_user SETTINGS max_threads = 1;
    ```

1. Grant read-only access to all databases and tables to `limited_user`.

    ```sql
    GRANT SELECT ON *.* TO limited_user;
    ```

1. Log in as `limited_user` to test the configuration.

    ```bash
    clickhouse-client --host YOUR_HOST --port YOUR_PORT --user limited_user --password PASSWORD --secure
    ```

    Replace `YOUR_HOST`, `YOUR_PORT`, and `PASSWORD` with your actual service connection details.

1. Verify the resource limit setting.

    ```sql
    SHOW SETTINGS LIKE 'max_threads';
    ```

>     This should display the `max_threads` setting with a value of `1` for the `limited_user`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This displays the `max_threads` setting with a value of `1` for the `limited_user`.
```
